Update deploy.md add hints on restrictions on availability of Environ… (#921)
plone/training: docs/plone-deployment/deploy.md

#### Creating a New Environment

````{important}

> When you cannot see the Environment option on the left in the Settings of your Github repo, you may have a private repo in a free account. You either need to use a public repo in a free account or upgrade to at least Github Pro. If you use a free additional organisation under control of a payed accout, the Environment is also not visible in the above situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't see the {guilabel}`Environment` option on the left in the {guilabel}`Settings` of your GitHub repository, you may have a private repository in a free account.
You must either have a public repository or a [GitHub Team plan](https://github.com/pricing#compare-features) for a private repository.
If you use a free additional organization under control of a paid GitHub account, the {guilabel}`Environment` will also not be visible.
```

Author: I am fine with your edits – actually I was too lazy to look the tip admonition up. I am stuck with ReST memories, need to catch up with MyST. ;-)
